1
2
3
As you prepare for your upcoming health check, here are some important instructions 
from us to ensure that all tests are completed in a timely manner:  
1. Meal Advice
• Overnight fasting is not mandatory for regular health checks. Eat a light meal 2 to 3 
hours before coming, but avoid a heavy and high-fat meal.
• If you are a diabetic doing the fasting and postprandial tests or have been 
recommended overnight fasting, then please ensure 10-12 hours of fasting. You 
may drink water if thirsty, however, drink no other beverages.
• Refrain from drinking alcohol for at least 24 hours prior to your health check.
2. Medication: Continue taking any regular medication. Bring them with you, along 
with the prescription. It is important for your doctor to understand the medication 
you are taking. 
3. Attire: Wear comfortable clothes and footwear. If a treadmill test is included in your 
package, please bring your walking shoes. Avoid wearing any jewellery or carrying 
any valuable items with you.
4. Medical History: Carry any previous medical records with you. This helps the doctor 
review your trends and accordingly determine their recommendations.
5. Special Conditions: Inform the reception of any history of diabetes, heart problems, 
or if you are feeling ill or unwell. 
4
6. Exclusions for Certain Tests
• Radiation-related tests like X-ray and mammogram will not be performed on 
pregnant women or those suspecting pregnancy. 
• For pap smear and urine tests, please ensure that your health check is scheduled at 
least 7 days before or after menstruation. 
• Women must avoid vaginal creams or foams 24 hours before the health check.
• Please carry a copy of your appointment or payment confirmation message 
for verification, and your ID proof.
5
Ultrasound (USG) abdomen will be performed 4 hours after a non-fatty meal. 
Here are suggestions for a non-fatty meal: 
•  2 egg white omelets (no oil/ghee/butter) with 1 slice of whole grain bread 
• 1 whole grain phulka/roti with vegetables (onion, tomato, cucumber, capsicum, 
spinach) 
• 1 medium-sized cup of overnight oats 
• 2 idlis or 1 dosa (without oil/ghee/butter) with vegetable chutney (no coconut) 
• 1 bowl of vegetable soup with 1 slice of whole grain bread 
• 1 medium-sized bowl of fruits (guava, orange, watermelon)  
• 1 cup of black tea or black coffee (no milk, no sugar) 
 
Here is what you should AVOID eating: 
• Processed snacks/fried food/white bread/high-fat meats/bakery goods/creamy 
sauces, instant oats, coconut  
• Poori, paratha, vada 
• Whole milk and milk products such as flavoured yogurt, cream, milk powder, paneer, 
cheese  
• High-sugar fruits (banana, mango, jackfruit, papaya, grapes, custard apple, 
avocado) and fruit juices  
• Starchy vegetables (beetroot, carrot, potato, sweet potato) 
• All sugar (refined white sugar, palm sugar, jaggery) 
• Rajma, channa dal, kabuli channa, toor dal, nuts/seeds 
• Whole eggs or egg yolks 
• All oils/ghee/butter  
For more examples of what to eat and what to avoid, please click: Light, non-overnight 
fasting breakfast options or scan the QR code 
  
Please note: Home sample collection is available up to 3 pm at select locations. Call our 
toll-free number 1800-570-1033 to enquire. You can also collect urine and stool sample 
containers from your nearest Apollo Hospital and bring the samples with you when you 
come for your health check.    
Kindly adhere to these instructions for a comfortable experience.  
Thank you for being ProHealth!
6
7
8
APOLLO PRO HEALTH REGAL
WHOLE BODY PROGRAM
15,000*
, Non HDL, Apolipoprotein - A1&B.
, Albumin Globumin Ratio)
9
FSB - Flexibility Strength Balance Assessment
Apollo Pro Health Regal Whole Body Program
without Eye, ENT & Dental 
13,000/-
10
11
12
13
14
•    Vitamin D3
13,500*
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
15000/-
Whole Body 
Program
13500/-
25
WBC
26
WBC
27
28
29
30
31
32

